Clean up 8/31 release notes and Datadog section (#1134)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

## August 31, 2022

### Export Deployment metrics to Datadog

You can now export over 40 Airflow metrics related to the state of your Astro Deployment to [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/). This includes task successes, DAG processing time, frequency of import errors, and more.

> For teams already using the observability service, this integration allows your team to standardize on tooling and gain a more granular view of Deployment metrics in a single place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think teams already using Datadag know that this is the case, so I don't think it's necessary to restate it here.

After you configure this feature, Astro automatically exports all available metrics to Datadog. For a complete list of supported metrics, see [Data Collected](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/airflow/?tab=host#data-collected).

> To set up this feature, see [Export Airflow metrics to Datadog](deployment-metrics.md#export-airflow-deployment-metrics-to-datadog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this feature, see [Export Airflow metrics to Datadog](deployment-metrics.md#export-airflow-metrics-to-datadog).
```

### Additional improvements

- The Cloud UI now automatically ensures that worker queue names are valid as you type in real time.
- The number of times that a user can enter the wrong credentials for Astro before being locked out has been reduced from 10 to 6.

> - You can now configure [worker queues](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues) to have a minimum **Worker count** of 0 workers. Depending on your cloud provider and Deployment configurations, a running Deployment might not be able to scale to 0 workers even if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now configure [worker queues](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues) to have a minimum **Worker count** of 0 workers. Note that depending on your cloud provider and Deployment configurations, some Deployments still might not be able to scale to 0 workers.
```
